[MI-3652] Update show command and documentation (#370)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-msteams-sync: docs/plugin_setup.md

    - **Prompt interval for DMs and GMs (in hours)**: This setting is for configuring the interval after which the user will get a prompt to connect their account when they try to post a message in a DM or GM without connecting their account. Leaving it empty will disable the prompt.
    - **Maximum size of attachments to support complete one time download (in MB)**: This setting is for configuring the maximum size of attachments that can be loaded into memory. Attachments bigger than this size will be streamed from MS Teams to Mattermost.
    - **Buffer size for streaming files (in MB)**: This setting is for configuring the buffer size for streaming files from MS Teams to Mattermost.

>     - **Max Connected Users**: This setting sets the maximum number of users that may connect their MS Teams account. Once connected, the user is added to a white-list and may reconnect at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Max Connected Users**: This setting sets the maximum number of users that may connect to their MS Teams account. Once connected, the user is added to a whitelist and may disconnect and reconnect at any time.
```
